The Crossfire Attack

This paper discusses a novel DDoS attack technique where the intended victims
of the attack are not directly targeted, but are still effected by the attack.
The Crossfire Attack works by determining the main link routers that a target
geolocation is routed through on the internet backbone. Once those routers are
found, the attacker botnet is able to flood the data path of the router such
that it is undetectable that the attack is happening in the targeted geolocation.
The potential size of the victim geolocation the authors claim can span countries.
This is plausible due to the fact that the authors are proposing an attack that
would carefully select link routers on the internet backbone that all ISPs in that
country use to connect to the internet. Another particularly fascinating thing
about the Crossfire attack is that it is easily adaptable such that the attacker
can change the link routers that are being attacked to keep the DDoS effect even
after BGP or OCSP reroute the nodes.

This paper does a really good job of explaining the feasibility of their attack
and provide supporting statistics for algorithm compute times and ensuring that
early congestion does not happen to zombies that are in the same geolocation. The
could improve on the diagrams provided. I found some of them particularly hard to
read and therefore understand even with the description text.

Had I been author of this paper, I would have liked to potentially use Carnegie
Mellon's resources to actually perform a PoC of the Crossfire attack. My current
understanding of the paper is that the authors did not actually perform the attack
even virtually, but they only calculated the feasibility of the attack. To expand
upon this work, I think it would be interesting to figure out how targeted an attack
using Crossfire could get. This paper discusses the potential for very large geolocation
targets and only get as small as a univeristy. I would like to know if this could be
applied to target even more specific targets using the "transient" links. 