FBS-Radar: Uncovering Fake Base Stations at Scale in the Wild

This paper is about a novel approach to the detection and mitigation of the 
use of fake GSM base stations used by criminals in order to scam and conduct
fraud. The main contributions of this paper are: usage of crowdsourced data
for effective identification of FBSs, novel approach to geolocation of FBSs
using WiFi access points of devices, statistics showing how this system has
been effective at detecting FBSs and assisting with the takedown of these
stations. The thing to note about the crowdsourcing of data to detect FBSs
is that the program was an opt-in service, and even after the end-users opted-
in, the researchers/developers ensured that minimal data about the end-users
was collected. The researchers/developers were able to determine that only
the metadata from messages and some message content was needed in order to
detect fradulent SMS messages sent by a FBS. This approach doesn't even need 
to collect the end-user's cellphone number of their GPS location, which helps
ensure privacy whilst accomplishing the goal of detecting and mitigating the
use of FBSs. Since the researchers are not collecting GPS data, it makes it
harder to geolocate the FBSs, but by collecting WiFi access point information
from the area of affected devices, one can get a potential radius of affect
for the FBS.

One of this paper's main strengths is how easy it is to follow. The authors
do an exceptional job of explaining complex ideas all while keeping the
technicality of the paper high. The authors also do a good job of discussing
related works and how their approach is different from those before it. The
authors show how the approach may be similar in concept, but the approach to
implementation that our authors use makes the practicality of their approach
so much higher. If I was writing the paper, I would have taken the limitations
section from the begininng of the paper and added it to the ending limitations
section of the end of the paper. I feel like this section could have been
expanded upon a bit more and was particularly lacking in content. This researchers
can be expanded in a few ways, some of which were mentioned by the authors. One
such way is the detection of passive FBSs. This would be an interesting topic to
explore as FBSs only send connection packets to devices if they are not being used
in an active manner, and only sniff traffic like a MiTM. 