Alice in Warningland
This paper discusses statistics that were collected from Google Chrome and Mozilla Firefox
browsers about warnings and how users approach these warnings. This paper provides analysis
of said statistics that allows for an understanding and comparison of how different browsers
approach these warnings, and how demographics collected by these browsers play a role into
a user's decision making process. The major contributions that this paper claims to make are
that they are presenting the first "in-depth" field study of security warnings. The authors
refer to two previous lab studies on browser warnings and how the second lab study claims
that both itself and the previous study are invalid due to potential biases within the
study. If we consider that claim to be true, then this is the first seemingly valid lab study
of browser warnings. The authors also use browser telemetry metrics to aid in their studies.
The authors use this data to understand what types of sites where warnings are not heeded
by users, and the types of users that are more/less likely to acknowledge the warning from
the browser. Finally, the authors make some suggestions to UI/UX designers to help decrease
the "click-through"  rates, where "click-through" is the act of ignoring a warning and
continuing to the site that yielded the warning.

This paper does a really good job of understanding and comparing their research to previous
studies. For example the authors mention the Sotirakopoulos et al paper that concludes that
prior lab studies had biases which "inflated" click-through rates. The authors also provide
a section later on in the paper that discusses the differences between their research and
the papers prior. If I was writing this paper, I would attempt to extend this research by
including more browsers than these authors like Oracle, Edge, Safari, Brave, etc. I would
also try to not be as repetitive as these authors. In my opinion, this paper is very repetitive
on some of its points thus making this paper longer than I feel is necessary.