Understanding the Mirai Botnet

This paper discusses the Mirai Botnet of 2016-2017. The paper covers the origins of the
botnet, its evolution, and provides a discussion on potential mitigation techniques both
technical and non-technical. The authors provide measurements of the Mirai botnet and how
Mirai has helped to shape the security posture of the IoT world. The paper starts by providing
an analysis of the Mirai botnet itself and explaining how the botnet went about expanding
and evolving itself. The authors then move into a detailed discussion on how they collected
their various datasets from which they performed analysis in order to understand the Mirai
botnet.

I really enjoyed the authors' discussion on their data collection techniques for analysis
of the Mirai botnet. I thought that it was fairly interesting that the authors had to create
custom banner scanning regexs because Nmap was not sufficient. I also enjoyed reading the
subsection that discusses the authors' honeypot, which was used to collect samples of the
malware that Mirai was using in order to take control of devices and spread itself. I do
feel like the authors could have done a better job of explaining some sections, as they
were exceptionally short in comparisons to other subsections, and I do not feel like those
sections were able to add much value to the discussion at hand. For example, consider section
4.5 "Device Bandwidth." I do not feel like this section was very productive in contributing
to the discussion. The section essentially says that the zombie devices have really low resources
or are located in areas with really low bandwidth. I feel like the authors were trying to
indirectly conclude that the devices had to be IoT devices even though they previously stated
that a majority of the devices were located in South America and Southeast Asia. If the 
authors were "gamers" they would know that bandwidth in South American countries is not the
best. This so much the case that some video game companies had to create servers within
South America to reduce complaints from their American clientelle about laggy players from
South America. The authors do redeem themselves in a following section with an analysis of the
credentials that the botnet used to brute force login to vulnerable devices. This is something
that I feel like could be used to correlate these devices as IoT. 

I do think this paper can be expanded by implementing some of the authors' reccomendations of
mitigation techniques and then attempting to run some of the Mirai malware samples on the
IoT infrastructure that was created. This would allow the authors to understand the difficulty/
simplicity of implementing such mitigation techniques and also whether or not those techniques
are effective at stopping Mirai.