Lawful Device Access without Mass Surveillance Risk: A Technical Design Discussion

This paper is the proposal and description for a device that attempts to
merge one of the gaps between the security community and government, when
it comes to lawful search and seizure of devices. As it stands, when the
government wants to gain lawful access to the contents of a device via
subpoena, they are met with opposition from manufacturers for various
reasons. This opposition has lead the government to seek other means of
gaining access to the devices in question on a "case-by-case" basis from
third-parties that discover vulnerabilities in these devices and provide
services to investigators at a premium rate. One major concern of the
security community and manufacturers when discourse on this topic first
emerged in the 90's, is that potential accesses granted to government
could be used for mass surveillance or discovered by others and potentially
exploited for malicious purposes. The authors a proposing a device that
will allow government to have the ability to retrieve protected information
on a device under investigation after providing proper proof to the manufacturer,
but also provides a sense of comfort for security and privacy minded individuals.

This paper does an exceptional job of explaining the background context that
lead up to the proposal of the idea that this paper discusses. This is because
without proper understanding of the history and the discourse that has happened
in the past, it would be hard for one to understand why this proposal is even
needed. One thing that I feel that the paper does poorly is that it freely uses
terminology that is not contextually elaborated upon until later in the paper.
This leaves a bit of a knowledge gap in with the reader if they are not already
familiar with the used terminology. An example of this, is the word "escrow,"
which is used heavily throughout the paper, but is not contextually explained
until the sixth page. Outside of my one criticism of the paper, I do feel that
it was effectively written and was digestible. I do feel like this is a great
example of a paper that isn't overly mathematical or theoretical. Like the authors
mention at the beginning of the paper, the research for finding a medium where
law enforcement is able to conduct investigations without violating the privacy
and security of the general public is practically non-existent. This field could
and should be expanded upon in order to discover if a happy-medium is even possible.