Live Memory Dump Formats
Live memory capture involves collecting system RAM
to identify key system and user activities including
	Running services and processes
	OS configuration
	Deleted and Temp data
	Volatile Data
Just as with storage formats there are numerous types
of live memory dumps to be familiar with. Memory dump
formats can occur do to the structure of the RAM and
virtual memory being collected. Live memory dumps
include
	Raw memory dump
	windows crash dump
	windows hibernation files
	expert witness format
	HPAK Format

Raw Memory Dump
Just as with raw images for storage devices, raw memory
can also be collected in a raw format. Structures between
storage and memory devices is different. Raw memory does
not contain ...

Windows Crash Dump
When Windows experiences a set of conditions that results
in a system crash, a crash dump file is generated.
Volatility can take the crash dump file format and identify
certain issues relative to the system, but this method is
not the best from the forensic standpoint. Crash dumps can
be created on Windows systems through the use of 3 tools.

Windows Hibernation Files
Windows OS's produce a compressed copy of memory that is
dumped to disk when executing the hibernation process
	hiberfil.sys
Forensic analysis of hibernation files started in 2008
	Sandman
Due to the compressed nature of the hibernation files,
analysis requires decompressing. Hibernation files can
not substitute for live memory captures since networking
and connection data are lost during the hibernation process.

EnCase Expert Witness Format
EnCase EWF is used for memory dumps
	EWF format - EnCase Version <= 6
	EWF2-EX01 format - EnCase Version 7
There are three different methods of analyzing EWF memory
dumps with Volatility. ...

HPAK
HPAK format combines both physical memory and Windows page files
into the same output. HPAK is a proprietary format ...

Virtual Machine Memory Dumps
It is important to understand the difference between host-based
live memory versus virtual machine live memory. THe host provides 
VM's with their resources so there are some similarities to what 
is collected. ...

Virtual Machine Hypervisor Memory
There are a number of well-known hypervisors and each of them has different
considerations when considering forensic memory collection.
	VMWare
		Suspending, pausing, and snapshotting the VM results in a copy of
		memory on the hosts fiel system and is tracked in the .vmx
		configuration file
	Virtual Box
		Does not create a memory when suspending, pausing, or snapshotting
		Three methods of creating a VB memory dump	
			vboxmanage debugvm
			Debug when starting a VM session and use .pgmphystofile command
			Utilize VirtualBox Python API
			
		A tool called Cuckoo Sandbox can be used to save VM memory in ELF64
		...
		
Windows Volatile Memory Recovery
VTypes
	Most OSs are written in C. Volatility is written in Python. VTypes is a 
	way to represent C data structures in Python source files. The structures
	can contain object names, offsets, ...
	