Introduction to Hashing Techniques
Message Digest Algorithm
The message digest algorithm is a hashing function that results
in a 128-bit output regardless of the input to the algorithm. Dr.
Ronald Rivest was the developer of message digest algorithm and
implemented numerous iterations.
	MD2 - 18 rounds
	MD4 - 
	
Secure Hashing Algorithm
A hashing algorithm originally designed by the NSA and part of the
Keccak algorithm. There have been 3 versions of the SHA. SHA-1, SHA-2,
and SHA-3.

Hashing Collisions
The objective of any hashing algorithm is to identify changes to the
integrity of a digital object. A collision occurs any time different
inputs to a hashing algorithm result in the same hash value. To be of
use and to ensure trust, hashing algorithm can not have collisions. From
a forensics standpoint, hash collisions undermine the integrity of digital
artifacts. Although MD5 and SHA-1 are standard hashing algorithms for
numerous applications and are built into most forensics tools, it is recommended
to use more secure hashes such as SHA-3.

Install libdigest-sha3-perl on SIFT VM

Rainbow Tables
Many OSs utilized hash-based security for credentials. If a system is
compromised, it is relatively easy to gain access to credentials for follow-on
system access. Rainbow tables provide a precomputed hash database to test
exploited hashes. To make it more difficult to calculate hashes directly,
additional characters known as "salt" are added to the hash.

Disk Partitions vs NTFS partitions
When creating a single NTFS partition on a device, the start of the NTFS is not
at the start of the device partition. There is generally an offset used to
buffer the disk partition from the NTFS partition. 

NTFS Data Recovery Process
When dealing with NTFS file systems and attempting to recover data the following
steps 
	1) Create a Proper Media Image
		a)Identify the media for imaging
		b)Select and test write blocker
		c)Collect image
		d)Hash image
	2) Analyze Partition Header
	3) Move to the Start Address of the NTFS partition
	
MFT System File Definitions
	$MFT - 0
		Provides definitions for all files on the partition. $MFT has a unique
		attribute called $BITMAP which is used to manage MFT entries
	$MFTMirr - 1
		Backup of the first four $MFT entries
	$LogFile - 2
		Used as the NTFS journal which tracks changes to the system metadata
	$Volume - 3
		...
	$AttrDef - 4
		Tracks all file system attribute names and identifiers
	$I30 - 5
		Also known as the root directory. A key file for recovering deleted and
		overwritten data in NTFS.
	$Bitmap - 6
		Tracks cluster utilization
	$Boot - 7
		Contains the boot sector and boot code in its $DATA attribute. $Boot always
		starts in sector 0. $Boot is the only file that cannot be relocated.
	$BadClus - 8
		Lists all bad clusters in the partition
	$Secure - 9
		Contains all security descriptors for all files on the partition
	$UpCase - 10
		Converts lowercase characters to matching Unicode uppercase characters.
		The purpose is to provide proper formatting for optional extensions
		including quotas, reparse point data, and identifiers
	$Extend - 11
		Extended data to aid with disk ...
	$Extend\$Quota - 24
	...
	
Data Recovery Examples(System Generated Data)


Windows Operating System Forensics
	Best practices
		SANS DFIR
		SANS Reading Room
		Windows Forensics Best Practices
		Forensics Legal Consideration
Utilizing Best practices specified in the Windows Responses Guide, we can classify
forensic and response activities into the following steps:
	Conduct Initial Response
	Evidence Gathering
	Protect Volatile Information
	Create a Forensics Response Toolkit
	Gather Physical and Digital Evidence
	Script Data Collection
	Identify Footprints
Before a forensics event occurs organizations should have the following steps fully
implemented through:
	Response Policy
	Subject Matter Expertise
	Personnel Training
	Forensic Testing Environment
	Organizational Exercises

Conduct Initial Response
A forensics analysis will be conducted if it has been determined that negative activity
has occurred on the network
	Security Breach
	Data Ex-filtration
	Successful Social Engineering
An number of questions need to be asked during this process:
	Who found the incident
	How
	
Evidence Gathering
The first principle of evidence gathering is to conduct as few activities on the system
as possible and maintain detailed evidence documentation to include all steps conducted.
Incident response and forensic collections policies should address the chain of custody.
During the initial evidence gathering process we should not:
	Overwrite original media
	Kill any process
	Manipulate timestamps
	Utilize untrusted collection or analysis tools
	Perform any system modifications
	
Protect Volatile Information
Recall order of volatility(OOV) of a system. With a Windows forensic analysis, OOV also
applies:
	CPU Registers and Cache
	RAM Contents
	Network Connections
	Running Processes
	Hard Drive File System
	Removable and Backup Media
	
	
Create a Forensics Response Toolkit
There are numerous tools available to conduct forensic analysis activities and it is critical
to vet all tools being used.

Gather Evidence
Steps to Proper Evidence Gathering
	On External Collection System
		Collect System Image
		Hash check

Windows Volatile Artifacts
Volatile evidence includes:
	System Information
	Running Processes
	Open Sockets
	Network Connections
	Network Shares
	Network Users
The BATCH file can be run from the removable media and the results stroed to the media or through
...

Windows Operating System Versions
Forensics analysis of Windows is not limited to the most current version of the OS. Organizations
maintain copies of both physical and virtualized Windows systems for numerous reasons:
	Cost
	Labor
	Backwards Compatibility
	Application no longer in development
It's not uncommon to see older versions of Windows. 

Windows Operating System Modes
Windows is broken into two modes:
	User Mode
		When executing code in user mode, it can not directly access underlying hardware or
		reference memory addresses. Access to hardware or memory depends on system APIs. User
		mode crashes are recoverable.
	Kernel Mode
		When executing code in kernel mode, it has unrestricted access to the underlying hardware
		and can directly access ...
		
Operating System Artifacts
When the Windows OS is applied to disk, the file system is augmented with additional artifacts:
	Windows Registry
		Shell Bags
	Event Logs
	Recycle Bin
	Prefetch Files
	Scheduled Tasks
	Jump Lists
	Application Files

Windows Registry Forensics
The Windows registry is a "central hierarchal database used to store information that is necessary to
configure the system for one or more users, applications, and hardware devices."
Prior to Windows 2000, specific initialization files were used for system configuration.

Windows Registry Operation
A comprehensive copy of the registry can only be found in main memory since it requires both the 
registry entries along with active processes that create it.

Windows Registry Hives
The highest level object in the Windows Registry is called a root key and the registry contains 5
root keys:
	HKEY_CLASSES_ROOT(HKCR)
		All information relating to file name extensions and Object Linking and Embedding(OLE)
	HKEY_CURRENT_USER(HKCU)
		Contains settings for the currently logged on user
	HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE(HKLM)
		Contains information about hardware and software of the system
	HKEY_USERS(HKU)
	HKEY_CURRENT_CONFIG(HKCC)
	
Additional Windows Artifacts	
Windows event logs track changes for numerous applications througout the OS including:
	Application
	Security
	Setup
	System
	Forwarded Events
All details relative to how events logs are managed are handled in the Windows Registry


